# Physics Simulator V2 by TJ

## Common
Common contains configuration variables and helpers that display on the main window. Editing config will change the base settings that the simulation runs on including how the objects interact with each other and with the boundaries of the system. Interface defines the UI manager and elements that help dynamically change the parameters of the system through the render window.

### common/```config.py```
Config includes 4 subsections: the parameters of the render window, none of which can be changed while the program is running due to the limitations of pygame. The parameters of the gravity affecting objects universally in the simulation, which can be all be edited by UI elements. ```gmag``` measures gravitational acceleration in simulation units / second<sup>2</sup>, in the direction ```deg``` which starts at 0 pointing to the left side of the render window, and rotates clockwise. ```spinvel``` is a test variable which adds an amount of degrees per frame to the gravity direction.  The colours can be edited to change using RGB values the colour that an element of the simulation will appear as on the render window. ```col``` refers to the colour of the main body of the ball, ```col2``` refers to the outline and ```bgcol``` refers to the colour of the background. The parameters of the balls include the radius in physics window size units given by ```rad```, the padding added to the radius that is not affected by physics given by ```pad```, the number of simulation passes done per frame given by ```passes```, the restitution between the balls given by ```restitution```, the friction coefficient between the balls and the simulation boundaries given by ```friction```, and the number of object that the simulation starts with given by ```bcount```.

### common/```interface.py```
Interface contains UI elements consisting mainly of the main item and respective label. A majority of these elements directly link to a respective variable in ```config.py```, and the exceptions to this are placed at the bottom. These links are: g:```gmag```, deg:```deg```, rest:```restitution```, fric:```friction```, ball:```bcount```, rad:```rad```, frame:```framerate```. ```colourentry``` is a work in progress element to change the colours of the simulation dynamically.
